Hello Mr. Ye
Have you known about the risk?
Once outside stocks appear below 35,000 sets
350 sets on your side plus 2 million security deposit
It will all belong to me
Well, your supervisors have bought it for me.
Ok Mr. Ye, since you already know
Please lend me your signature here.
Ok Mr. Ye
Here's your 10 million
Please keep it
Mr. Lee
Are you optimistic?
It's all done.
Come on. Let's go to the beach
Mr. Ye, this is Haijiang Village
previous life
The Wang family made a fortune by demolishing and relocating this land
Last soar
This life hum
The land you like
I, Ye Fan, am going to order
Let's go, Mr. Xu
Find someone to ask about the market
go fellow
We would like to ask you about it.
The land above your village
How to sell
It's you bastards again
I said I won't sell it, how dare you come?
roll